{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss Arial;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs24 SMILE (Super Metroid Integrated Level Editor) Version \f1 2.50\f0\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 -\f1 09/23\f0 /0\f1 9\f0 -\par
\cf1\b0\f2\fs20\par
09/23/09\f3  (\f2 2.50\f3 ):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2 Doubled the speed of the file comparer.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Beefed up the BG_Editor (pasting from level editor clipboard, shows actual colors, etc...)\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed some common crashes involving the FX1 and Layer3 editors.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a few issues in the Samus Pose editor.\i\f3\par
\i0\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Update to SOLA (correctly checks for updates, now able to download plugins).\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Adjusted the brightness settings (Bright and Blazing) to be more usable.\f3\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2\par
\cf1 05/25/09\f3  (\f2 2.30\f3 ):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2 Created Metroid Buddy... It's a metroid that follows your mouse around eating enemies as you edit.  The point?  It's a frickin' metroid chasing your mouse.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Started a new Help File... I actually expect this one to go somewhere.  At the very least, I took several of the seperate text files (enemy quirks, door help, etc...) and stuck them into a single file.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Legna.dll is no longer needed as it's been merged with SMILE.dll... Removed unused functions to slim that down as well.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Simplified the Graphics Editor by making it quicker to select which 16x16 you're editing (and a few other tweaks I'll mention in the help file should I get to it at some point).  Added the ability to import/export \i tile tables\i0 .  Added the option to grab the palette from a 256 color bitmap.\i\f3\par
\i0\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added an error trap to prevent certain common errors from crashing smile.  So far, only one error has been trapped.  "Subscript out of Range" errors caused by overwriting part of a tile table will no longer crash the program, giving you a chance to fix your problem with the new tile table import/export feature.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Drastically improved quality of the Scroll Editor (8x8 mode) view.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Quickmet (Room Test) now supports boss/event states.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for door dependent FX1's (ie- Room 7AFA3, for example, has raised or lowered lava, depending on which door you enter)\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Implemented a new palette chooser (old one still functions) for quicker color setting (a temporary harmless bug affects the transparent color of samus's suit, but is not visible in-game... Will be fixed soon).\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}BTS can now be changed by hitting # over a tile to type in a BTS value -or- by hitting 0-9 to do the same thing (but start with 0-9 in the textbox that pops-up).\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Several bug fixes (including the lower-right tile getting screwed up in layer 2), minor tweaks, and a few unfinished ideas.\f3\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf1\f2\par
03/14/09\f3  (\f2 2.10\f3 ):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2 Added langauge translation files for English, French, Finnish, and Latin.  If you'd like to make a translation for your own language, use "Custom.txt" and send it to me.  These files currently only edit the basic menus.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Technically added support for PLM Lists and Scroll PLM data to be in banks other than $8F (you'd have to change this in a hex editor).  Only successfully tested the Scroll PLM's at this point.  No luck with the PLM Lists even when no changes have been made with SMILE, so not sure how that goes... Fortunately, it still works with the original bank so you're golden.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug that crashed SMILE when changing window size when the window is maximized... Sigh...\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a 32x32 mode bug that prevented door cloning from giving accurate values.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a 32x32 mode bug that made the tile type preview be misplaced.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug when clearing the clone door list and clicking on it could crash the program\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug that would crash on using "Open most recent room" in specific rooms... example: 7D340\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Scroll areas/screens now visible for rooms with 0000/0001 used as their scroll pointers.  Blue/green tint of the box will remind you which value does all blue screens and which does all green.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Tile Type Preview is no longer called by double clicking on the tile type preview picture, as too many people didn't know the feature existed.  There is now a check box available ("Show Type on Map") that will enable/disable the feature.  The preview mode has been improved slightly, remaining in effect when you right click on new tiles, add new tiles, etc...\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed an annoying little shit of a bug that made SMILE fail to redraw transparent areas of tiles in Layer 1 when Layer 2 is hidden.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Quickmet/RoomTest slightly updated to support heat rooms, glowing colors, and the other FX1 features that weren't enabled in tests before.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a few smaller bugs that don't come to mind now.\f3\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf0\b\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\b0\f2\fs20 02/14/09\f3  (\f2 2.00\f3 ):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2 Powerbomb colors now editable in the Game Behavior form.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added a Test Room feature that allows you to open a room to the spot indicated with your mouse, with equipment you specify.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added BTS viewing to reveal non-zero BTS values on tiles that aren't slopes or "special" tiles.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Modified Tile Type Preview to go on/off as needed when you double click the preview box.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Created SOLA (Smile On-Line Access) which will act as a gateway to Help Links, Updates, and (in the future) plug-ins.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for most non-beam damages.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added the "rest" of the slopes to the wireframe.  Modified existing block grids to make it easier to remember which blocks respawn (respawnables have a double box around them . . . Also gave door tiles a unique box.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added scrolling by holding down the mouse wheel button.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added an annoying blinker at the start of the program so even the mentally challenged can figure out why "everything" is disabled.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed Kraid's room.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Changed many pieces of the User Interface, ranging from menu placements, hotkeys, icons, more text help, etc...\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed bug that put Palette Indexes out of order in the Enemies Allowed list when changing them\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Removed the imbedded ROM Protection feature of SMILE.  Too many people had made it public knowledge, so it wasn't protecting anything anymore anyway.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Enemies/PLM's to 0,0 now places enemies/plm's in the upper left of the active screen.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed bug that scrolled rooms backwards if they were too small vertically.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New gradient mode of choosing colors for palettes (the old method is still available, by popular request).\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed graphical glitch in flipping slopes in the bts menu while in 32x32 mode.\f3\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2\par
\cf0\b\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\b0\f2\fs20 04/08/08\f3  (\f2 1\f3 .\f2 32\f3 ):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2 Some more bug fixes that I thought I had included in the last release\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}In-editor documents for both enemies and plm's (plus more accurate images for some)\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}% key can be used to re-open the last room you worked opened (even after closing the editor)\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Map editor allows for coding that Kejardon made to allow map saving to function correctly in game\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}I'm sure there's more stuff, but I forgot\f3\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\par
\par
\cf1\f2 12/31/07\f3  (\f2 1\f3 .\f2 23\f3 ):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2 Load rooms directly from the map editor\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Varia/Gravity Suits now read correctly in the PLM editor\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added RoomVar support (my own data type, to be made public shortly)\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added LOTS of new screen modes (plus improved auto-hide menus)\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Tweaked 32x32 tile view, since it's actually useful with the new screen modes\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Allow enemies to be moved without snapping to the grid\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Move the ship as a single unit (shift cancels this)\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Drag/Drop the ship icon where you want it in the Map Editor\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added a basic Scroll PLM editing.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added a very basic Background Editor\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added a projectile editor (Game Behavior)\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for text reference in the enemy/plm forms... Files still need to be added\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}A \i tremendous\i0  number of bug fixes (you have no idea)\f3\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf1\par
0\f2 7\f3 /\f2 1\f3 7/0\f2 6\f3  (\f2 1\f3 .\f2 0\f3 0):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2 Back up and Recovery system.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}IPS support (creating, applying, and applying an entire folder of patches)... clearmem.ips, gravity.ips, and torizo.ips bundled for public use.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Text Editor (green intro text, bomb text, area name text, JTE engine (patch not provided yet).\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Samus Palette Editor.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}More game properties.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Minor stuff I'm forgetting.\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Bug fixes.\f3\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\par
\cf1\f2 12/25\f3 /05 (0.\f2 7\f3 0):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f2 Re-Added Pointer Pop-Ups\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added partial support for Area Load Stations\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for enemy palettes to be converted to YY-Char format\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Rip/Save scenery palettes to/from TLP/YY-Char formats\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Rip/Save scenery graphic sheets for editing in a tile editor\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for editing tile tables (ie- choose which 8x8's make p the 16x16 tiles)\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Changed CRE ignoring to be done based on area (Ceres) instead of the sheet number\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for an ASM code (available at a later date) to allow for more than one bank to be used for enemy populations\f3\par
\f2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Lots of bug fixes\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Lots of stuff I'm either forgetting or choosing not to list\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f3\par
\cf1 06/07/05 (0.50):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Added support to De/Recompress graphics for editing in a tile editor\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for YY-Char palettes (in addition to TLP)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added ability to load and save palette files for scenery\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed the hex -> dec bug in the music contro\f2 l\f3\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Convert enemy palettes to Tile Layer format (TPL) . . . Saved in folder with your ROM, as EnemyID.TPL.\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf1\par
06/01/05 (0.40):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Set maximum number of bombs, missiles, and beams visible on screen at once (from 1-5)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Set duration of bomb timer\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Convert enemy palettes to Tile Layer format (TPL) . . . Saved in folder with your ROM, as EnemyID.TPL.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Load and save Tile Layer palettes (TPL) for enemy palettes\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Improved support for changing songs in an area (control and track)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for "barrier blocks" in the special blocks bts menu\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a few more bugs\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf0\b\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\b0\f3\fs20 05/03/05 (0.35):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Added support for adding new rooms (type in the new offset, then save)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for adding/removing enemies from a room\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for adding/removing plm's from a room\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed an "unknown" music entry (west maridia)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a few bugs\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf0\b\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\b0\f3\fs20 03/07/05 (0.30):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Fixed the bug that caused a crash when clearing Show Intro or Red Powerbomb\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed some mini-map bugs\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed enable/disable in clipboard\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for different color themes in mini-map, though you can't see them\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}A few behind the scenes changes that will be apparent in the next release\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf0\b\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\b0\f3\fs20 01/11/05 (0.25):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Added the rest of the enemy props (and fixed some old)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added Item Drop editing\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for second part of enemy allowed list\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added ability to move offscreen enemies/plms on screen\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added default gravity editing\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed potential errors in Room Header form\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a *critical* error in the Pointer Editor (using $0000 would write data to the start of the bank, even though $0000 signifies that there should be no pointer)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added primitive map editing support\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added a tile type preview to help identify the solidness of tiles in your level\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed the overflow error caused when a n00b tries to expand the ROM beyond bank $FF\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added a file comparer, to speed up error fixing in the future\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added ability to change the # of hits it takes to open pink/green doors\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf0\b\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\b0\f3\fs20 11/24/04 (0.18):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Added palette editing (scenery)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added a pointer editor for most the pointers handled by the editor\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Rooms are loaded from a list, instead of hardcoded, so you can add/subtract them (if you move pointers around)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for changing ceres/zebes timers, plus intro toggle\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added support for expanding the ROM\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Changed hotkeys for door editing\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\b\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\b0\f3\fs20 08/08/04 (0.15):\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf2 Added FX1 support.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug that would crash the editor if beta room opened first\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added PLM Editing (ie- you can change items/door shells).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug that caused rooms with no enemies to "create" enemies when you saved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added lots of new properties to Enemy Editor (including Palette Editing).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added an easier way to drag-n-drop BTS values.\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\f3\fs20 06/01/04 (0.1):\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf2 Added Door Editing.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added PLM Editing (ie- you can change items/door shells).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug that caused rooms with no enemies to "create" enemies when you saved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added lots of new properties to Enemy Editor (including Palette Editing).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added an easier way to drag-n-drop BTS values.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a lot of tiny bugs.\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f0\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\f3\fs20 03/16/04 (0.0691):\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\cf2 Added state editor.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added defaults for Common Room Elements (CRE) and 7 graphic sheets (1, 2, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added legna.dll (will be used in most my projects for now on).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Allow user to get offsets for various data that SMILE doesn't yet handle (in state editor)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Removed dependency on Ultima's msdll.dll.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug that saved Layer 2 with one byte less than it should have had.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed the double-click on the menu bug.\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\f3\fs20 11/27/03 (0.055):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Added autoscroll when dragging enemies.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Allow user to safely increase room size (in screens) . . . *Scroll data may still overwrite other data though*\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Allow user to add/remove Layer 2 from rooms.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Re-added (temporarily) a feature that will allow default values to be made for the menus.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug that saved enemy speeds above $7FFF incorrectly.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed bugs related to clicking the "x" on room header and state editor forms.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed bug that gave Layer 2 one byte more than it should have had in most rooms.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug that caused a Subscript Out Of Range error when dragging off the lower right corner of the map.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug in dragging up-right and down-left in the menu (also fixes errors from dragging off the menu's edge).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed overflow error when making room dimensions too large, too smaller, or in decimal (stupid users).\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\par
\cf1 11/11/03 (0.045):\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Changed the way headers are detected.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Started converting some code to C++ (dll) . . . No visible changes to the user.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Selecting tiles from menu can now be done with left or right mouse buttons.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Rooms with no enemies no longer crash after being saved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Warning if new data is too large and will overwrite other data.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Added Prop-X support to the enemy editor.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Refresh level when changing room dimensions.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Dialogue window defaulted to the folder you've got SMILE in, instead of C:\\.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Black line bug gone for good.\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f0\fs24\par
\cf1\f3\fs20 10/19/03:\cf2\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Scroll area boxes can now be seen in other editing views.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Removed scroll value #3 (yellow) from the scroll viewer, since it isn't supposed to exist anyway.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Adjusted scroll area boxes by one pixel, to eliminate the illusion that there's different colors (ie- red & green makes yellow).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Changed the mouse icon used in dragging/dropping from the BTS menu to make it easier on the eyes.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Made the clipboard grid much easier on the eyes.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Click-n-Drag to select tiles in multiple directions now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug that saved graphic sheet and music track/control to Standard states, regardless of the state selected.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Select music from a list with song titles\par
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520\f0\fs24\par
\cf1 10/12/03:\cf2\f3\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280\tx8640\tx9000\tx9360\tx9720\tx10080\tx10440\tx10800\tx11160\tx11520 Faster pasting/flipping of large groups of tiles.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Re-added 32x32 tile view.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Optional larger window (also, autohide menu).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Minor speed improvement when loading rooms.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Removed enemies from scroll view ... was saving incorrectly (ie- bugs).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Save to Bitmap feature now saves to romName_Address.bmp instead of romName.smc.bmp.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Load/Save INI file.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Disable pieces of the clipboard.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}BTS Menu.  Support for most slopes and special tiles.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed the black line bug (twice) and the green line bug.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed orientation flipping bug in property scroller (also, automatically updates clipboard).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed bug that prevented grid from showing if Layer 1 and 2 were both off.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed mouse wheel bug (clicking outside map).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Scrollbars now scroll the right distance in all view modes.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}*.BIN file is deleted after closing the program.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fixed a graphical bug that showed old graphics on redrawn areas.\par
}
 